“Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet.”
    
“Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.”
    
“Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is my anchor.”
    
“If you want to conquer the anxiety of life, live in the moment, live in the breath.”
    
“The most fundamental aggression to ourselves, the most fundamental harm we can do to ourselves, is to remain ignorant by not having the courage and the respect to look at ourselves honestly and gently.”
    
“Looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind.”
    
“If someone comes along and shoots an arrow into your heart, it’s fruitless to stand there and yell at the person. It would be much better to turn your attention to the fact that there’s an arrow in your heart...”
    
“The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it. (21)”
    
“Do every act of your life as though it were the very last act of your life.”
    
“Everything is created twice, first in the mind and then in reality.”
    
“In the end, just three things matter:How well we have livedHow well we have lovedHow well we have learned to let go”
    
“Perfection of character is this: to live each day as if it were your last, without frenzy, without apathy, without pretense.”
    
“Do not ruin today with mourning tomorrow.”
    
“Sometimes you need to sit lonely on the floor in a quiet room in order to hear your own voice and not let it drown in the noise of others.”
    
“Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.”
    
“I don’t need anyone else to distract me from myself anymore, like I always thought I would.”
    
“One is a great deal less anxious if one feels perfectly free to be anxious, and the same may be said of guilt.”
    
“The mind is just like a muscle - the more you exercise it, the stronger it gets and the more it can expand.”
    
“Mind is a flexible mirror, adjust it, to see a better world.”
    
“One does not become enlightened by imagining figures of light, but by making the darkness conscious. The latter procedure, however, is disagreeable and therefore not popular.”
    
“Breath is the finest gift of nature. Be grateful for this wonderful gift.”
    
“Life is a dance. Mindfulness is witnessing that dance.”
    
“Few of us ever live in the present. We are forever anticipating what is to come or remembering what has gone.”
    
“I am grateful for all those dark years, even though in retrospect they seem like a long, bitter prayer that was answered finally.”
    
“It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.”
    
“There are a thousand thousand reasons to live this life, everyone of them sufficient”
    
“In this moment, there is plenty of time. In this moment, you are precisely as you should be. In this moment, there is infinite possibility. (17)”
    
“Mindless fear is greater than mindful fear.”
    
“Respond; don't react.Listen; don't talk.Think; don't assume.”
    
“True happiness, we are told, consists in getting out of one's self; but the point is not only to get out - you must stay out; and to stay out you must have some absorbing errand.”
    
“Without giving up hope—that there’s somewhere better to be, that there’s someone better to be—we will never relax with where we are or who we are.”
    
“To be sensual, I think, is to respect and rejoice in the force of life, of life itself, and to be present in all that one does, from the effort of loving to the breaking of bread.”
    
“Let go of your mind and then be mindful.Close your ears and listen!”
    
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”
    
“Until you realize how easily it is for your mind to be manipulated, you remain the puppet of someone else's game.”
    
“Restore your attention or bring it to a new level by dramatically slowing down whatever you're doing.”
    
“Do not speak about anyone who is not physically present.”
    
“The best way to capture moments is to pay attention. This is how we cultivate mindfulness. Mindfulness means being awake. It means knowing what you are doing.”
    
“[T[his isn’t just “another day, another dollar.” It’s more like “another day, another miracle.” (213)”
    
“Diversity is an aspect of human existence that cannot be eradicated by terrorism or war or self-consuming hatred. It can only be conquered by recognizing and claiming the wealth of values it represents for all.”
    
“The best sex takes place in the mind first”
    
“Mindfulness isn't difficult, we just need to remember to do it.”
    
“Patience is a form of wisdom. It demonstrates that we understand and accept the fact that sometimes things must unfold in their own time.”
    
“Vipassana meditation is an ongoing creative purification process. Observation of the moment-to-moment experience cleanses the mental layers, one after another.”
    
“While you'll feel compelled to charge forward it's often a gentle step back that will reveal to you where you and what you truly seek.”
    
“How you refill. Lying there. Something like happiness, just like water, pure and clear pouring in. So good you don’t even welcome it, it runs through you in a bright stream, as if it has been there all along.”
    
“There is no key to open the heart of another - except curiosity.”
    
“Don't believe everything you think. Thoughts are just that - thoughts.”
    
“Suffering usually relates to wanting things to be different from the way they are.”
    
“Don’t let a day go by without asking who you are…each time you let a new ingredient to enter your awareness.”
    
“Meditation is the ultimate mobile device; you can use it anywhere, anytime, unobtrusively.”
    
“It stands to reason that anyone who learns to live well will die well. The skills are the same: being present in the moment, and humble, and brave, and keeping a sense of humor. (361)”
    
“When even one virtue becomes our nature, the mind becomes clean and tranquil. Then there is no need to practice meditation; we will automatically be meditating always. (151)”
    
“Treat everyone you meet as if they were you.”
    
“True compassion is undirected & holds no conceptual focus. That kind of genuine, true compassion is only possible after realizing emptiness.”
    
“It's good to have an end in mind but in the end what counts is how you travel.”
    
“Patience has all the time it needs.”
    
“Think of the old cliché about the mind being 'an excellent servant but a terrible master'. This, like many clichés, so lame & banal on the surface, actually expresses a great & terrible truth.”
    
“You are the biggest enemy of your own sleep.”
    
“We long for permanence but everything in the known universe is transient. That’s a fact but one we fight.”
    
“Through recognizing and realizing the empty essence, instead of being selfish and self-centered, one feels very open and free”
    
“We too should make ourselves empty, that the great soul of the universe may fill us with its breath.”
    
“Baseless victimhood is usually the last stage before outright aggression.”
    
“Great leaders have three things; inner light, inner vision and inner strength.”
    
“Meditation is a microcosm, a model, a mirror. The skills we practice when we sit are transferable to the rest of our lives.”
    
“The present is all we have, yet it is the one thing we will never learn to hold in our hands.”
    
“Above all, we cannot afford not to live in the present. He is blessed over all mortals who loses no moment of the passing life in remembering the past.”
    
“You cannot control the results, only your actions.”
    
“There is no envy, jealousy, or hatred between the different colors of the rainbow. And no fear either. Because each one exists to make the others’ love more beautiful.”
    
“Each place is the right place--the place where I now am can be a sacred space. (3)”
    
“All beings want to be happy, yet so very few know how. It is out of ignorance that any of us cause suffering, for ourselves or for others”
    
“Mindfulness, also called wise attention, helps us see what we’re adding to our experiences, not only during meditation sessions but also elsewhere.”
    
“Mindfulness has never met a cognition it didn't like.”
    
“With mind distracted, never thinking, "Death is coming,"To slave away on the pointless business of mundane life,And then to come out empty--it is a tragic error. (116)trans by Robert Thurman”
    
“Inner Peace can be seen as the ultimate benefit of practicing patience.”
    
“One doesn't have to be religious to lead a moral life or attain wisdom.”
    
“We use mindfulness to observe the way we cling to pleasant experiences & push away unpleasant ones.”
    
“Let the breath lead the way.”
    
“Mindful leadership keeps you cool and energetic in any situation, so that you can make the best possible decisions.”
    
“Stay present for the “now” of your life. It’s your “point of power.”
    
“Everything will be okay as soon as you are okay with everything. And that’s the only time everything will be okay.”
    
“Being a critic is easy.But if the critic tries to run the operation, he soon understands that nothing is as easy as his criticisms.Criticism without a solution is merely an inflation of the critic's ego.”
    
“The grass is not 'greener' on the other side – it is just another shade of green.”
    
“Enjoy the peace of Nature and declutter your inner world.”
    
“We are constantly evolving as we are interacting with the world. Mindfulness and growth mindset drives our evolution faster and on right tracks.”
    
“Head Vs Heart: A crowded mindLeaves no space For a peaceful heart”
    
“Life’s most precious moments are not all loud or uproarious. Silence and stillness has its own virtues.”
    
“By practicing meditation we establish love, compassion, sympathetic joy & equanimity as our home.”
    
“[I]f you can be with the pleasant without chasing after it, with the unpleasant without resisting it, and with the neutral without ignoring it - [...] that is an incredible [...] freedom.”
    
“The study of modern mindfulness meditation and emotional intelligence is deeply rooted in the ancient Vipassana meditation techniques.”
    
“A bird cried jubilation. In that moment they lived long. All minor motions were stilled and only the great ones were perceived. Beneath them the earth turned, singing.”
    
“Our subconscious thought patterns collapses the quantum wave function and generates the reality. Meditation is streamline the thought patterns.”
    
“A mind set in its ways is wasted. Don't do it.”
    
“You actions are your only true belongings.”
    
“Convince yourself everyday that you are worthy of a good life. Let go of stress, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.”
    
“When you reach a calm and quiet meditative state, that is when you can hear the sound of silence.”
    
“If you really want to remove a cloud from your life, you do not make a big production of it, you just relax and remove it from your thinking. That's all there is to it.”
    
“True beauty is measured by the number of pearls within you, not those around your neck.”
    
“Expectation has brought me disappointment. Disappointment has brought me wisdom. Acceptance, gratitude and appreciation have brought me joy and fulfillment.”
    
“Remind yourself that your mental & emotional health are important.”
    
“[Mindfulness] is not concerned with anything transcendent or divine. It serves as an antidote to theism, a cure for sentimental piety, a scalpel for excising the tumor of metaphysical belief. (130)”
    
“Stop, breathe, look around and embrace the miracle of each day, the miracle of life.”
    
“The experience of pleasant, unpleasant, or neutral is the consequences of perception.”
    
“Love is being able to view a situation without adding duality to it.”
    
“An open beginner's mind is a powerful tool for developing patience.”
    
“The virtues of free enterprise can become distorted by greed & delusion.”
    
“Meditation is essentially training our attention so that we can be more aware— not only of our own inner workings but also of what’s happening around us in the here & now.”
    
“We may be living past and future lives at the same time we are living this one.”
    
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”
    
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
    
“Open the window of your mind. Allow the fresh air, new lights and new truths to enter.”
    
“Don't be so loyal to your mind; the mind is not loyal to You.”
    
“To reteach a thing its loveliness is the nature of metta. Through lovingkindness, everyone & everything can flower again from within.”
    
“We need never be bound by the limitations of our previous or current thinking, nor are we ever locked into being the person we used to be, or think we are.”
    
“But remember, there's no greater gift than the present.”
    
“What you feed your mind, will lead your life.”
    
“The art of peaceful living comes down to living compassionately & wisely.”
    
“Patience is both the tool for and the result of, our efforts.”
    
“Meditation may be done in silence & stillness, by using voice & sound, or by engaging the body in movement. All forms emphasize the training of attention.”
    
“It takes courage to become authentic. So many talk about the light but not enough speak the truth about the struggles it takes to get there and the tools to overcome it all.”
    
“When we teach a child patience we offer them the gift of a dignified life.”
    
“Without the ability to be present we are missing much of what the adventure has to offer.”
    
“Seeking is endless. It never comes to a state of rest; it never ceases.”
    
“...it is often more difficult to remember to be mindful than to be mindful itself. (p. 47)”
    
“The same way we grow our bodies we must attend to our mind and spirit.”
    
“Two thoughts cannot coexist at the same time: if the clear light of mindfulness is present, there is no room for mental twilight.”
    
“Om meditation eliminates rigid and fixed views about the world. It creates a spacious, flexible and open views about the world.”
    
“It’s all about reprogramming our minds to focus more on what brings us joy.”
    
“True human connection is found at the level of pure consciousness.”
    
“Do not do her work for her. Do not build her up in your mind. She's only one woman.”
    
“Seek and see all the marvels around you. You will get tired of looking at yourself alone, and that fatigue will make you deaf and blind to everything else. - Don Juan”
    
“Compassion is not complete if it does not include oneself.”
    
“A modern definition of equanimity: cool. This refers to one whose mind remains stable & calm in all situations.”
    
“One who is patient glows with an inner radiance.”
    
“So what is a good meditator? A good meditator meditates.”
    
“Understanding the true nature of things, or seeing things as they really are, is the ground of wisdom.”
    
“To be mindful entails examining the path we are traveling & making choices that alleviate suffering & bring happiness to ourselves & those around us.”
    
“Patience requires a slowing down, a spaciousness, a sense of ease.”
    
“Buddha ﬁrst taught metta meditation as an antidote: as a way of surmounting terrible fear when it arises.”
    
“One of the best ways to support the development of patience is to cultivate happiness with yourself.”
    
“Like water poured from one vessel to another, metta ﬂows freely, taking the shape of each situation without changing its essence.”
    
“To relinquish the futile effort to control change is one of the strengthening forces of true detachment & thus true love.”
    
“When we practice metta, we open continuously to the truth of our actual experience, changing our relationship to life.”
    
“We yearn for there to be meaning to our lives, balanced with a sense of inner peace & joy.”
    
“People in the midst of losing their patience are certainly experiencing as aspect of dukkha.”
    
“With attachment all that seems to exist is just me & that object I desire.”
    
“To be mindful of social phenomena is thus to identify more clearly hatred, greed, and delusion as well as the seeds of wisdom and compassion both around us and in us. (p. 52)”
    
“We cannot force the development of mindfulness.”
    
“We have to water the right seeds. If we do that, we can shift our habit energy--that negative loop that contributes to our suffering into mindfulness.”
    
“Extraordinary people are ordinary people making extraordinary decisions.”
    
“We are stronger for knowing each other, braver because we trust each other, wiser than when we're alone.”
    
“I built success in business when I stopped focusing on me and started focusing on helping others.”
    
“Until we define happiness for ourselves, clearly seeing the difference between excitement and joy, for example, our habits will likely not change. We will keep returning to the fruits of our desires.”
    
“... The result, in this world view, is that real freedom comes not from the decisions of an ego-self’s “will” but from action without any Self whatsoever”
    
“With art, my heart and mind are fine-tuned.”
    
“Chance favors the prepared mind.” This can be converted into a simple equation: Opportunity + Preparedness = Good Luck.”
    
“Attention and intention are the most powerful tools of the spiritually adept. They are the triggers for attracting both a certain kind of energy and a certain kind of information.”
    
“Everything that exists somewhere in the world also exists in us.”
    
“THE THIRD PRINCIPLE describes how your mind creates your reality—and how, by mastering your inner dialogue, you can literally transform reality to create abundance.”
    
“All it takes is an eagerness to join the cosmic dance, and a willingness to seek the miracles of the soul.”
    
“Self-care is allowing yourself to appreciate the moment for what it is, instead of wishing it was something else.”
    
“Greatness isn't found in your comfort zone.”
    
“It isn't the challenge that defines you. It's what you do with it.”
    
“Your challenges have been designed especially for you.”
    
“Success is about handling the setbacks, problems and mess, over and over.”
    
“Success is not a goal. It's a choice.”
    
“We're not here to hide under fears. We're here to do cool shit despite them.”
    
“When you accept you have to rescue yourself, then you're adulting.”
    
“It will never get easier. Start. This moment is as goof as it gets.”
    
“Don't believe the naysayers. They need you to be small, so they have an excuse not to lift. Watch the people who are getting on with it. They don't critique. They act.”
    
“There comes a point when we have to say, I'm here to love my life, and to figure out who I am...Not who you think I should be”
    
“Leadership is an inside job before it is about others.”
    
“Leaders see the opportunities beyond what's done to what's possible.”
    
“Followers accept answers. Leaders ask questions.”
    
“Don't compromise to make people comfortable. Be the example.”
    
“People want to know they matter. They want to know they make a difference. They wan to connect with their authentic selves and they want to experience joy.”
    
“There is nectar in your soul. Meditation is the art of discovering that nectar, enriching it and distributing it for the welfare of the humanity.”
    
“The true battle is in your mind and the first step of success is to win that battle with right mindset. ”
    
“Emptiness is a scary place for the mind. It loses power when it is emptied.”
    
“Empty mind is fundamentally an eye, it observes.”
    
“The most effective way to understand the dissonance between our thoughts about reality and reality itself, is to consider how many times we've felt like our world is ending and how many times it actually has.”
    
“Words can’t harm you when they don’t mean anything to you.”
    
“Escaping is running away from the truth, but disbelief is running towards the truth.”
    
“It’s difficult to see your thoughts when you are in your thoughts.”
    
“Seeking love in the mind is like seeking love from the creator of your own drama. The mind cannot give us what we are looking for.”
    
“Viewing yourself from the spirit’s perspective allows you to be detached from the drama in your mind. Then, you will realize your current self-perception is none other than a mental image created by your mind.”
    
“Without the mind, the idea of worthiness would not exist.”
    
“Mindful is remembering that being alive is the ultimate gift. When we know we have a limited amount of time, we're more careful how we spend it.”
    
“There is no failure. You only lack actions and planning.”
    
“I set out to find my peace in the skies and the tulips, in the howling of the winds in the rain under the shed and it was right there residing within me.”
    
“Living an engaged and contemplative existence allows a person to glean the quintessential experience of living mindfully.”
    
“Minding the heart is mending the mind of heartless minds of love”
    
“Pure. Truth is everything. If you can reach for your dreams and aspirations From a place of pure truth and honesty Then life will find a way to guide you to where you are meant to be.”
    
“One breath at a time is an acceptable plan, she tells herself.”
    
“We chase life like we chase butterflies to snap a picture. We blink, and the butterfly is gone. Capture the moment today.”
    
“Happiness isn't possible without freedom.”
    
“At any given moment your energy field will come into contact with and affect everyone else’s energy field, and each of us responds in some way to that experience.”
    
“It’s the simple things in your life that make up the bulk of it. The mundane is where we live and we end up missing most of it. We find it again in the silence and in attention of everyday life.”
    
“It takes me living an intentional, mindful, and quiet life to hear or see what’s here. Great art doesn’t necessarily create something new, it helps you appreciate what’s already here.”
    
“Understanding why we are afraid to grieve is a prelude to transforming our lives. Getting in touch with our deepest fears and airing them in a safe space can be incredibly liberating.”
    
“Someone grabbed his coatAgain, he stops his journeyTo be there with her”
    
“What is it that is so interesting about what's happening everywhere else but where you are?”
    
“When you are in deep mindfulness - moments vanishes. Arrow of time loses its power. Memory, confusion and grief evaporates and eternity arises.”
    
“The world of improv is a portal into mindfulness and magic.”
    
“You cannot control a situation, but you can learn to master it.”
    
“The sword doesn't change. So you have to adapt to the sword. You can't change your surroundings. They only change once you have changed.”
    
“Mindfulness and fearless presence bring true protection.”
    
“You cannot control the sea. You cannot stop the waves, but you can learn to surf on them.”
    
“在箭術中，射手與目標不再是兩個相對的事物，而是一個整體。射手不再意識到自己是一個想要擊中對面箭靶的人。”
    
“What the gym does for the body, meditation can do for the mind.”
    
“When our mind experiences pleasure, the five desires arise. The real hero quickly puts an end to these desires.”
    
“I am determined not to spread news that I do not know to be certain and not to utter words that can cause division or discord.”
    
“There will be times of noise and there will be times of silence, both are necessary to hear your soul.”
    
“I never feel bored as long as my mind is with me”
    
“Taking time to relax every day, spending quality time with friends, and practicing mindfulness are some of the tried and tested ways of developing self-compassion.”
    
“Mindfulness is the difficult art of simply replacing thinking with experiencing.”
    
“If you aren't the one who is controlling your own thoughts, feelings, and emotions then you are one who is being controlled.”
    
“Out of calmness comes clarity.”
    
“Mindfulness requires that we experience the totality of the moment”
    
“The power of self-kindness can help us to heal our chronic shame and self-loathing. In a world that is often mean-spirited and cruel, a daily practice of kindness and warm-heartedness can make all the difference.”
    
“A person must let go of negative emotions and master their mind in order to achieve happiness.”
    
“We each possess the inner strength of mind to discover a state of knowledge, inner peace, and bliss.”
    
“Be infinitely flexible and constantly amazed.”
    
“A troubled mind can make rocket science out of nearly anything.”
    
“Nowadays, people seem to have normalized this level of highly stimulating media. And although it may have become the norm, it does not necessarily mean that it has a positive effect on any of us.”
    
“But through these ups and downs of life that are inevitable, we have an opportunity to bring our focus on a daily basis to the transformative power of joy.”
    
“We can cultivate a state of bliss when we are able to let go of stress, worry, and distracting thoughts.”
    
“You have the opportunity to rewrite patterns that are not aligned with the reality you choose to attract and create.”
    
“Energy and matter dance together to create reality. Your way into this dance is through your capacity to consciously regulate and harness your emotions.”
    
“Take ownership of your enjoyment of life and make a commitment to experience life’s pleasure on a daily basis.”
    
“When you are enjoying life and in touch with your body, you radiate more confidence and more sensual energy.”
    
“As you embrace this idea that you own your life, you begin to exercise dominion over it.”
    
“A key component of vitality is being as present as possible in the moment that is happening right now. The past is over and the future is yet to arrive, but now is the place where your vitality lives.”
    
“Consideration of others extends beyond just other human beings to include all things—tables, cushions, even toilet paper. We must be considerate of all things and treat them with great appreciation and respect.”
    
“Mindfulness is the extremely difficult art of leaving the past and the future alone.”
    
“Essentially, 'mindfulness' means having a deeper awareness of what is. Mindfulness entails being aware of our thoughts, feelings and body sensations as they arise in the present moment.”
    
“The words “I am” are powerful. We are declaring who we are to the universe.”
    
“I am that I amI am meI am youWe are one”
    
“Being able to be aware that we have thoughts, but that we are not our thoughts, is a major breakthrough for people seeking emotional health and spiritual wellbeing.”
    
“On the path of self-realization, there is no one big awakening, but many along the way of varying degrees: some small, some big; and each one of them is like the lotus flower, which grows out of muddy waters.”
    
“Mind is the altar, mind is the temple, mind is the lord and mind is the gospel.”
    
“We're invited to pay attention to the enchanted world around us in a new way, to be open to the possibility of an encounter with God at every moment.”
    
“There is no such thing as inner self and outer self, it's all you.”
    
“With the right mindset, we can’t lose, we either practice what we’ve learned or we learn what we need to practice.”
    
“Like a boundless sea, we have the capacity to embrace the waves of life as they move through us. Even when the sea is stirred up by the winds of self-doubt, we can find our way home.”
    
“If you were your thoughts and feelings, then who is it that is aware of those thoughts and feelings? Can thoughts be aware of themselves, or rather are you something greater than your thoughts?”
    
“It is possible to gain control over our most anxious thoughts and self-destructive behavior through mindfulness practice and meditative experiences.”
    
“The true miracle of life is not in the form in which it shows up, but the love that inspires it.”
    
“....My Worst Enemy in my mind makes me lazy, unmotivated, mean, isolated, anxious, an over thinker, and a procrastinator”
    
“[T]o be forever looking beyond is to remain blind to what is here.”
    
“In the age of Instagram and Snapchat, I think a memory is the most private thing.”
    
“My behavior reflects the best of who I amI can make a difference by my behaviorLet my behavior be a light for others”
    
“As humans, we have so much to learn all the time. Hav-ing compassion is, by far, our greatest teacher.”
    
“The body inherits what the mind engages.”
    
“And that’s what authenticity is: it’s a choice to be real.We have that choice every moment of our lives. We can choose to be real and authentic, or we can choose to be inauthentic and to live a lie.”
    
“We can begin by practicing Mindfulness every moment of each day, and it will help us stay awake and aware when we even begin to step out of the moment of caring about one another.”
    
“I believe that we can transform anything, especially hate into love, but we’ve got to not only change the negative and hateful thoughts we breed in our minds, but also practiceMindfulness in all areas of our lives.”
    
“You will know what you are supposed to do with your life if you always make love your guide.”
    
“I accept myselfI accept othersAcceptance is my truth”
    
“We must be even wiser knowledge seekers now, and look even deeper for the most sacred truth, for truth is sacred, and we must honor it as such.”
    
“I honor truthI practice truthI live”
    
“Honesty, when used aggressively, or meanly towards oneself, is not honesty, but unkindness, or even cruelty. Don’t mistake one for the other. Honesty is not meant to hurt, but to help.”
    
“Honesty, when combined with Mindfulness, is having a keen awareness of what it is we want to convey, and why.”
    
“Desire, when coupled with meaning or purpose, can be our greatest realization in understanding what we’re doing here.”
    
“I am authenticI live in harmony with who I amI am true to my nature”
    
“Knowledge is like an ever-flowing stream of water, and where you stop to drink from it, is where you will become quenched.”
    
“I am connected to my purposeI am proud of my purposeI enjoy sharing my purpose with others”
    
“I begin each day with a clear intentionMay my intention create the best resultsMay others benefit from my intentions”
    
“At one point in our lives, we’re going to have to accept that we’re not put on this earth just to take care of our own needs.”
    
“It’s as if Mindfulness stretches our bandwidth to include other people in our thoughts, even when we’re busy, and reminds us again and again not to just think of ourselves.”
    
“My thoughts create my realityI choose positive thoughts to create my realityI am creating the reality I want”
    
“You can either continue on the path of your destiny, as you have been living it up to now, or you can completely change the course of it by deciding that you want it to be different starting now.”
    
“I see clearlyI am tolerantI am compassionateI take responsibility for my perceptions”
    
“My thoughts come and goI am not my thoughtsI am not attached to my thoughtsI am free of my thoughts”
    
“Hello todayI’m so glad you’re hereI’m ready for you”
    
“Find your stillness. Find your acceptance. Find your gratitude. And most of all find you in the magic. You’re there. You’re the magic moment. Now let it happen and it will. Believe in yourself.”
    
“This present moment is the moment that matters the most because you are in it, and, as I said, if you value being alive, then you value the moment you are most alive in, which is right now.”
    
“When we’re present our senses are heightened, and we can enjoy so much more of what we’re seeing, hearing, tasting, smelling, and feeling.”
    
“Go where the silence says something good.”
    
“The future is something to look forward to, not a place to escape to, and even if you like to dream or fantasize about what lies ahead for you, do it mindfully.”
    
“There are people who live half in the present, and half in the future, and what ends up happening is that they’re split in their commitment to the present.”
    
“The only way for today to be unlike any other day is for you to take hold of it by the reins, and guide it to where you want it to go.”
    
“The truth is that all of the moments of our lives are magical because we are alive in them.”
    
“Although an ever-present wholeness exists in our true nature, we must find our way back to it again and again because we are constantly at the effect of the duality that is all around us, and in us.”
    
“Each moment is an opportunity to allow for the spiritual to shine through our “human experience”. By doing so, we can then open ourselves up to the possibility of feeling an ever-present wholeness within us.”
    
“I am presentI am lightI am loveI am tolerantI am acceptingI am wholeI coexist”
    
“Peace of mind is clearly an internal process. It begins with your thoughts and then expands outward. It is from your peace of mind that you experience a peaceful life.”
    
“If your mind is clear and at peace, then your path leads to joy and happiness. However, if your mind is cluttered and frantic, then your path leads to suffering and frustration.”
    
“Flood a pool of bloody thoughts with a pool of happy ones.”
    
“You are a part of the great “cosmic creation” which is always in process, as are you. So, be kind, be compassionate, and be present in your discovery of “self.”
    
“I am myselfI do as I knowI know what is trueI live as my authentic self”
    
“See what you are really seeing, and don’t use your perception to just see what you want to, or need to, or have to. See what is possible, and see how you can help serve in making this world a much better place.”
    
“A moment gives us a brief period to be fully present, and be our most authentic self, before it completely vanishes like magic. Now you see it, now you don’t.”
    
“Now is the most real moment there is. I live in the moment of now.:”
    
“Mindfulness keeps you on top of your thinking mind in such a way that you become the gatekeeper of your thoughts.”
    
“Your true assets are the collections of your quality moments on the earth.”
    
“Mindfulness isn't necessarily about awakening within. Awakening wisdom teaches me how my exterior and interior life are not separate. What happens in the world is happening within me, and vice versa.”
    
“Enrich your life. Dream, explore and discover the unknown lands with new eyes, new lights and new truths.”
    
“The inner witness is a part of us that sits behind all of the drama.”
    
“Cultivating mindfulness and being able to rest in the spaces between your thoughts can help you connect with your dharma.”
    
“Living a mindful life is an art and a science.”
    
“Once you master the art of walking mindfully, even mundane travel will be a chance for you to refresh your brain.”
    
“A mindful moment can be as simple as taking time to pause.”
    
“When we can fully ground ourselves through mindfulness, we can open the door to let others into our lives.”
    
“By noticing physical sensations and mental processes non judgmentally and without attachment, you can become an external observer. Through this role, you can learn more about yourself and your true nature.”
    
“Let a mindful life spring forth from the part of you that simply witnesses your life without judgement.”
    
“When the heart feels safe, we lessen the likelihood of distractions of an emotional nature that may take us outside of our focused presence.”
    
“Your personality self’s job is to make your world understandable.”
    
“You are a vast being. And, yes, you have a personality self in this body within this construct of time and space. But you also have many other parts that are infinite.”
    
“When you meditate and slow down your mind, you give yourself an opportunity to rest a little farther back in your consciousness and experience the awareness of your inner witness.”
    
“Your happiness is defined in your mind not anywhere else. So, look no further!”
    
“You could even be in heaven, and make it like a God damn hell in your mind. It’s your choice to choose your world.”
    
“Never go towards something with fear.”
    
“In a relationship, any interaction is really one of the heart.”
    
“When we are mindful, we are simply noticing, and we rarely get wrapped up in the drama within ourselves.”
    
“Meditation is our number one tool in the quest for greater mindfulness.”
    
“Real mindfulness is to be aware of a situation both internally and externally, and so to see as a whole...that this is not separate from that.”
    
“Stillness is the foundation of understanding and insight.”
    
“Each moment has different flavor, different beauty and different texture.”
    
“We should not elevate anyone higher than our own heart. If you do not value what you have to give then no one else will ever come close to what you truly deserve.”
    
“It does not matter how strong and well prepared you are, if you have no direction”
    
“When we understand the power of the brain we have the opportunity to harness it.”
    
“Meditation is not a task to perform but allowing the thinking engine to take rest. In the restfulness of the thinking engine eternity arises.”
    
“When you are full of problems, there's no room for anything new to enter, no room for a solution. So whenever you can, make some room, create some space, so that you find the life underneath your life situation.”
    
“Saya pikir, kau tak perlu merasa sepi, sebab banyak hal yang bisa kau munculkan dari dalam pikiranmu sendiri.”
    
“Meditation has enabled me to transform from the soulless entity living on automatic to the being that could walk into the office with a big smile on my face for no good reason.”
    
“The simple act of being completely present to another person is truly an act of love”
    
“If you leave your mind unattended, the world will do it for you, and you will have to deal with the related insanity.”
    
“It does not matter how strong well prepared you are, if you have no direction”
    
“Using unbreakable cups robs us of yet another incentive to be mindful.”
    
“The truth of life is just to live.”
    
“Mindfulness means intentionally being aware and engaged in the present moment.”
    
“In a world of multitasking, finding your focus is key to being productive and feeling grounded.”
    
“Within your body at any given time is an elaborate and finely tuned orchestra of chemical messages being shared throughout every system and synapse you have.”
    
“Zen: The art of living contentedly in the present, this is the natural state of consciousness for cats and can be learned by contemplating your kitty.”
    
“When we can sit in silence, we can separate from all the mental chatter that is often related to and creating our feelings.”
    
“As you begin to live a mindful lifestyle, you may become aware of the most entertaining soap opera you have ever witnessed--right inside your own mind.”
    
“Every day, we watch an inner show of ups and downs, highs and lows, joys and turmoil. It’s an endless dance of existence. But it’s possible to bring a little mindfulness into this dance.”
    
“The voice of your inner narrator is just a portion of the vast collection of parts that make up your complete being.”
    
“Relax your heart and feel that behind all of the mind chatter is your silent inner-witness presence. It is pure peace and it is your divine soul--that part of you that is eternally mindful.”
    
